All right guys in the last video I give you an assignment with some HD Himmel of a form and a bunch
of classes and ideas with some hints inside your CSX and your styling.
So in this video I'm going to go through and I'm going to add my styling and don't worry if yours doesn't
match the you know my exact CSF.
That's fine.
So let's start off with the asterisk here so as the hint says we might want to add Border box for the
box sizing property so the padding doesn't affect the width.
We also want to reset the margin and padding that's pretty self-explanatory.
So let's go ahead and set border.
I'm sorry.
Box sizing to border box and let's clear out the margin and padding on everything
OK.
So I'll save that.
Now all the margin in padding is removed.
So we used railway for the font as you can see it's already bringing it's already brought in here.
So let's go ahead and actually I'll put that back.
Let's set the font family and we want to set that to railway and sans serif.
OK.
We'll save that.
Now we have our font and the hint there is the background color which is that hexadecimal value so it's
too background to do background or background color.
I'm going to set it to three four for a seven to save that.
There we go.
So we should also.
Actually no we don't.
Yeah.
We'll set the color to white here.
We are going to have that white form wrap but we can just change the font color in there.
And then the last thing I want to do here is set the line height too.
Let's do one point eight
OK so let's see underlines our ugly.
So let's remove that.
Remember text decoration.
Want to set that none that will get rid of all the underlines.
Let's go to our container so remember we want to center the form.
So we want to use margin auto and we also want to set a max width and we may want to add some padding
so let's let's go ahead and do that.
So going to set the margin to auto but on the top and bottom I'm going to set 30 pixels just to move
the container down a little bit.
OK.
We'll set a max width and it's a pretty thin or narrow form.
So we're going to set this to 400 pixels.
OK and then let's set the margin.
I'm sorry not the margin clarity that want to set the padding to 20 pixels and save that.
OK.
So next we have the form wrap.
This is the white area around the form in the heading and all this.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's say background let's set that to white and then for padding.
I'm going to set that to 15 pixels on the top and bottom and 25 on the left and right.
So since our text is white our body text we want to change the color of this form wrap text.
So let's change that to 3 3 3
OK so that's our form.
Now let's move on to the H1 in paragraph.
We want to center these.
So we want to use the text align and we want to set that to center.
We don't want to center everything.
That's why I didn't add it to the form right.
We don't want these the inputs and stuff centered we just want the heading in the paragraph centered.
All right.
So each label input is wrapped in form group.
So what I'm going to do is just add a margin top to each form group.
So margin top let's do 15 pixels.
OK just push him push each one down.
So for the label we want that to be displayed as a block level element.
So let's use the display property set that to block and I'm going to change the color to Let's do triple
six and save OK so for the inputs they should go all the way across.
By default they don't.
And then we also want them to have some padding because they're much too skinny right now.
So let's do that.
Let's say we want the with to be 100 percent.
We want it to go all the way across.
And let's add 10 pixels padding to each input.
Let's also set the border to Let's do DDD one pixel solid and let's give it a kind of a rounded border
so we'll say border radius and let's do just five pixels for each one.
OK so that makes these the inputs look much cleaner.
All right.
Next we have the button so button should wrap across 100 percent in display as block background color
is this.
So let's first of all just grab that and set the background to that and get rid of that and let's set
the display to block OK.
So save that and then we want it to go all the way across.
So let's do a width of 100 percent OK.
Now you can see it goes all the way across we need some padding here.
So it's two padding 10 pixels all the way around.
We want to bring it down from the from the top input.
You can see it's kind of stuck to it right now so let's do a margin top member margin is the outside.
So we'll do 20 pixels push it down.
Let's also make the color of the text white.
So we'll see a color
white and what else.
Let's do.
Let's see.
I think that's that's good.
Let's change the pointer to a car serve notice that if we go over a button doesn't change to a cursor
we want that to happen so we'll say cursor pointer.
And now when we have rover it we get the the cursor or I'm sorry the pointer.
All right so let's see what we have next.
The hover.
So I wanted to to have kind of a different color or just get a bit lighter on the hover and you can
see I actually gave you the hexadecimal value here so we're just going to go ahead and add the background
and make it that color.
So now if I have rover it it actually gets darker.
All right.
So the bottom tax which is this right here we want to make that smaller so the default remember is 16
pixels so let's set the font size here to 13 pixels.
And I'm also going to move it down a bit by doing a margin top of 20 pixels.
Next thing is the footer.
So this right here we want this to be centered.
We also want to push it down a little bit.
So let's say text align center.
And let's do see the colors find for the text.
Let's do margin dash top and let's move it down 10 pixels.
OK so now it's centered it's moved down.
Last thing is the link.
So I gave you the color for the link.
So we're gonna change that.
That's a color and we want.
What happened.
There we go.
So paste that in and save and that's it.
So don't get discouraged if you don't have this exact CSX or if you couldn't do it or if you can only
do part of it that's absolutely fine.
If you if you're just getting into CSX then this this is kind of a tough project.
So we're going to move on and in the next section what I want to do is take what we've learned in the
H T mail section as well as this one and build an actual Web site an actual project.
OK.
So we're gonna build a small hotel Web site that has you know a home page and about page contact page
and we're going to style the navigation menu and add some background images so we'll actually get to
to put something together with everything that we've learned so far.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next section.